The Congo by Vachel Lindsay.
Fat black bucks in a wine barrel room.
Barrelhouse kings with feet unstable.
Sagged and reeled and pounded on the table.
Pounded on the table.
Beat an empty barrel with the handle of a broom.
Hard as they were able.
Boom, boom, boom with a silk umbrella and the handle of a broom.
Boom, lay, boom, lay, boom, lay, boom.
Then I saw the Congo creeping through the black.
feeding through the jungle for the golden track, and along the riverbank a thousand miles, tattooed cannibals danced in files,
and blood screamed the whistles and fifes of the warriors, and blood screamed the skull-faced lean witch doctors.
Whirl you the deadly voodoo rattle, harry the uplands, steal all the cattle.
Rattle, rattle, rattle, rattle, rattle, bing, boom-lay, boom-lay, boom-lay, boom.